docs(dev_setup): add jpeg install instructions for macOS arm fixing pillow install (#10375)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: DEV_SETUP.md

# ...
```

#### 3. Install `jpeg` if on ARM Mac (M1)

> With the addition of pillow in `/hardware` [jpeg](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/jpeg) is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/hardware` depends on the Python library Pillow. On ARM Macs, `pip` will build Pillow from source, which requires [jpeg](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/jpeg) to be installed.
```

* Providing some more context from #10360.
* Avoiding the phrase "with the addition of..." because it will be less meaningful as time goes on, when Pillow was added a while ago.
